feat: [CDS-78987]: add troubleshooting doc for terraform/terragrunt e… (#3831)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terragrunt-howtos.md

Logs that are coming from `stdout` will be printed as they are, and logs from `stderr` will be printed in red.

The option to skip stderr logs coloring is behind the feature flag `CDS_TF_TG_SKIP_ERROR_LOGS_COLORING`.

## Troubleshooting Terraform execution on a Docker delegate managed by ECS

When using a Docker delegate with ECS, you might encounter the following error : `NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain`.

When your Docker delegate is managed by ECS, and is set to assume an IAM role for components such as the delegate and Terraform settings from Terraform configs, please ensure that the delegate has the permissions to assume the role.

> If your Docker delegate is set to use a proxy, ensure that the proxy instance also has permissions to assume the role. Also, try to set the proxy environment variable for the Terraform steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Docker delegate is set to use a proxy, ensure that the proxy instance also has permissions to assume the role. Also, try to set the proxy environment variables for the Terragrunt steps:

- `HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080`
- `HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080`

If your ECS delegate is set with this environment variable: **AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI** and you intend to use AWS ECS container credentials, ensure your delegate has access to all of the required AWS services that need to provide credentials, such as STS, Metadata Service, etc.
```

Logs that are coming from `stdout` will be printed as they are, and logs from `stderr` will be printed in red.

The option to skip stderr logs coloring is behind the feature flag `CDS_TF_TG_SKIP_ERROR_LOGS_COLORING`.

> ## Troubleshooting Terragrunt execution on ECS delegate
> 
> This section is dedicated in case you encounter the following error : _**NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain.**_
> 
> When your delegate is managed by ECS, and in case delegate is set to assume the role for some components like delegate itself, provider and terraform backend-state from terragrunt configs, please make sure the delegate has the permissions to assume the role.
> 
> In case your delegate is set to use a proxy, make sure that proxy also has permissions to assume the role, and also try to set environment variable for the terragrunt steps:
> ```
> HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
> HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
> ```
> 
> If your ECS delegate is set with this environment variable: **AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI** and you intend to use AWS ECS container credentials make sure your delegate have access to all required AWS services which need to provide the credentials like STS, Metadata Service, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting Terraform execution on a Docker delegate managed by ECS

When using a Docker delegate with ECS, you might encounter the following error : `NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain`.

When your Docker delegate is managed by ECS, and is set to assume an IAM role for components such as the delegate and Terraform settings from Terraform configs, please ensure that the delegate has the permissions to assume the role.

If your Docker delegate is set to use a proxy, ensure that the proxy instance also has permissions to assume the role. Also, try to set the proxy environment variable for the Terraform steps:

```
HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
```

If your Docker delegate on ECS is set with this environment variable, `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_RELATIVE_URI`, and you intend to use AWS ECS container credentials, ensure your delegate has access to all required AWS services that need to provide credentials, such as STS, Metadata Service, etc.
```
